Update _index.md (#77832)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/explore/_index.md

> Refer to [Role-based access Control]({{< relref "../administration/roles-and-permissions/access-control/" >}}) in Grafana Enterprise to understand how you can manage Explore with role-based permissions.

> In order to access Explore, you must have an editor or an administrator role, unless the [viewers_can_edit option]({{< relref "../setup-grafana/configure-grafana/#viewers_can_edit" >}}) is enabled. Refer to [About users and permissions]({{< relref "../administration/roles-and-permissions/" >}}) for more information on what each role has access to. For Grafana Cloud, please open a support ticket to enable the viewers_can_edit option 

Reviewer: we should probably highlight this more and link to the cloud portal like we do in other parts of the docs. 

```suggestion
In order to access Explore, you must have an editor or an administrator role, unless the [viewers_can_edit option]({{< relref "../setup-grafana/configure-grafana/#viewers_can_edit" >}}) is enabled. Refer to [About users and permissions]({{< relref "../administration/roles-and-permissions/" >}}) for more information on what each role has access to. 

{{% admonition type="note" %}}
If you are using Grafana Cloud, open a [support ticket in the Cloud Portal](/profile/org#support) to enable the `viewers_can_edit` option
{{% /admonition %}}
```
